Support for another round comes from Babble the first and only complete shavings
was a new design for men with course curly hair
and sensitive skin clinically proven to reduce and prevent
Razorback because what people in your face deserves better.
Hi everyone I'm havin and Tracey and welcome to another round of Haven't Tracey
but band of fantômas well. All
right
what do we have for people today J.C. well for the people we had a delicious
audio mini
OK. We're going to have a what had happened was
and I'm going with Finally share the story of cornbread my races. Go Fish may
he rest in peace and a limb is a bullet he was not actually a goldfish.
OK but he was a racist.
I mean I'm hoping a change anyway will get into this or that and then for
the main course if you will we had allow it
in an interview with the one and
only Adi Cornish N.P.R. News gotta say a little bit terrified. A
lot because she's incredible scene like interview like a million
people write like super important people were looking forward to that that are
terrified but focused on
whose
story
we
have
and want to happen with them while I write letters and what happened with so this is the story of
cornbread my races.
I guess the lookout the. Something I want
to talk to me about COURT OK So the novel read was. As a
beta known also as a sign me sighting fish right. My mother and I used
to keep them all the time and we would get one day it will live its little better life I would
that we would get another beta. All of them are special I don't want
to sound like you should really just replacing pets.
They have and we loved each and every one of these Ok so I'm in college. And I wanted a
pet we go to the store I see this beautiful beta and if you're not familiar with it is a
very very pretty they come in with all these neat little iridescent jewel tones and got like these really
long since they kind of look like an evening gown like kind of wafting in the water it's
very
pretty you guys can see it but I mean the sight. With her
for
real. But the male is a very aggressive. Yeah
a Grammy to the point because you're right to the point that you can have two males in the same ball and
if you put a mirror up to the ball of a male he will puff up and try to
attack his own reflection.
So they want to seriously. You know of course I did all the time when I was little because it's a cool
trick to show your friends but you really shouldn't do that it stresses that out probably kills them in the end maybe if you do it too much
and
from stress I like doesn't like ramming into the really aggressive.
I got a killer
things all the time so I said I'm the
fish. And I'll just like this guy his name is cornbread don't know
why I just knew that his name was corn and take cornbread back to my dorm room.
I was living at the time I can't remember what year this was but my roommate was
definitely black and all like four of my friends on him were
also black so like they would come over you know I mean I had white friends too. I don't want to sound like I just didn't have any
why
friends but whenever my wife friends were over and they were like you know like in the
blood he was cool he was still and he was pretty docile whatever but when I got next to the
ball or any other black person I mix with a bow he would flip out he would puff up
his gills and he like started like going at the side of the bowl in my when I was
feed him once. Upas i'm some of his food in the bow in like I let
my finger linger and finger linger.
I let my finger like kind of like hover above the water to see if you would ignore the food that
he needs to eat to try and kill
my fingers stray from it but the thing and I'm like Dude do you not understand that
as you need me to change
your wire. I love you like ice How do you how this happened he just treated me like like
all the bottom of the microcontroller testing was like black friend right friend you know
I didn't do any official shows but I did
have made mental notes on them you know I mean it was a very
strained relationship but you know I just always as it was the day that he would come
around you know like both the man has admitted this in the nineteen fifties
anymore. You don't have to do this for me this
is two thousand like I don't know three probably two thousand two thousand three is a new day is a
new era. I need you to come around
to the right that a great you say you want to do this
anymore. And so like I would at think there's a picture of this somewhere but I would write little
like inspirational quotes on index cards and I put it next to his
bowl all while left to go to
class maybe just really wanted him to love me. So that I would have the love
I
mean I think once there was a Martin Luther King quote but the quote This sticks out to me the most There's
a song by guilt guy Herring called the Klan which is a really really good song. There's a line
in it this is he who rats with the Klan is a devil and not a man so I wrote that annoy index
card and I put in next
so much thought it will show that it will help. So it's the
the last minute team and it was like OK I'm going to pull out the big this is I get
a fuck you don't get right
to
it
with
the set
up stairs. So
I
never gave up on love and warm bread. Trying to get points rated to not be awful to me
pretty sure you had me
up until the date of the dead and here's how he
died. It was like a long weekend or something and my mom came to campus to get
me and it was chilly
outside and I had the headquarters both in on a window sill and the windows cracked.
Now I maintain that my mother forgot to either close the window or move the ball she says it was
me I would never do that when the my mom.
Killed my fish and now you listen I know you guys has them say about this mom but we all
know the truth.
So get back to campus Corbridge did belly up frozen to death. I
was very upset. I was very very upset and I was like Man I feel like he was just put in the Marines.
He was going to change his life but you know you just mow down in his prime and it was so
sad so I had demanded that we had an official funeral
for cornbread mind God we
were the most annoying child I was
really. So we took the ball to the to the girls' bathroom we were in the stall.
And that's not saying whether you know you did
this as saying. Soon we'll be done with the troubles of the world by merely Jackson which
I believe I was saying at one of the King's funeral. Wow I want to really find something very meaningful
you were
like let me recreate you know it all for
cornbread my not all of it. I just
wanted the last like the last symphony a voice a city hard to
be thinking something meaningful to assure him hopefully interested in some little fishy heaven.
Like I mean if Heaven has a pit stop.
I know that corporate is up there right mixes the Black Fish probably and he's OK. I
mean that was incredible. How many moment. Do you want
to hear the really quick story of the one time we had a goldfish. Yes. Please.
So you know. When you're in elementary school they give you prizes redemption.
Yet you like so high because you're like oh my god my sister was like the top prize
for something on a member. She got a goldfish and brought it home and it came with one
thing fish food fish likes and
it's really really like Oh my God we have a pet they never let us have a pet and you know the goldfish
were so high.
And like we put it in this like place in our apartment like every morning would be like oh do you want to feed it I want to feed it you
know and
then one day I'd like we were starting to get low
on goldfish and we're like hey
dad you know and we like let him know for like
oh we were like hey we're really running
that says I'm going to get a whole
month. And in the bowl is just like little chunks
of
bread
where I like to chew.
And then there's a report for goldfish is
that
it was so
upsetting the mother fuckin
bread I also like the most Ethiopian shit over and so yeah I'm just going
to bring
the
the that's the
quick story my one time I had a name I'm sure you don't even remember it was a
while would you like to name it costs you know to a
great shock to my book has already been Jekyl this Rest In
Peace Corps yet it took forever for the what happened was today
two for it. It's another one of those
words what to do.
Reese.
Let's
take
a break. Support for another round comes from Babble the first and only shaving system designed to
reduce razor bombs and help you achieve smooth and clear
skin talking shop for guy sits down with his barber and ask
the questions they never get around to him which
I am thinking maybe a creative in advertising at
Buzz Feed and I'm sitting here with my barber and with it Lewis Blayse acts as a
gun going
to do you remember the first time you used
a straight razor. Yeah it
was impoverished or Number
one they when you first saw your first dance when I was well I actually have you practice
on them before it's ready for a draw a face on
it but the sheriff is on the boil and you practice it and how
many buildings if you kill. I know Pop was there
to die Sweeney Todd any bill
and
I've always looked like shooting and the like magic Ridgwell like for myself. Is
there any like to like me take it right you do something when you say that
Oh absolutely whatever growth with the five always pulling away with the
whole Or yeah I've always been that about the maverick a little radio a puppet
on I have a little mirror on the
side and I can see behind me that has a place of
well you like you can all kneel at
her
right Liz thanks again for joining me
today another
round listeners can head to get Travel dot com and use the offical another round to get twenty percent off a free
phone once again the offer code is another round. At get. Well
Doc you seem you know
you can't sit
and be silky smooth.
If you get you know the
song that's beautiful.
So
we are unbelievably excited
thrilled nervous. There's this
catenary. Audie Cornish host of N.P.R.'s All Things Considered on the show today how
well she's covered everything from elections natural
disasters interview world leaders artists. I mean just everyone. So we
are thrilled to be doing an interview with someone who's interviewed millions of people are also very nervous to do
an interview with a man
who literally does this like perfectly for a living and has
for I'll tell you say my way about you too though because you know you're in
the aisle it's
so fun and casual and I was like I've been listening to it actually
for myself to some with listening to interview is trying to figure out how they do what they do and dissect
it and you two are very good so yeah I'm nervous.
So it makes me feel better that we're all nervous. Yes I was
told there would be drinks. I don't know you know I do the Oh absolutely
I was like you can lie and you can only either and should you know.
Next time we're recording in New York an audience in N.P.R. headquarters in Washington
where there are no
drinks to tell you know you're going on the you're in the you need it.
So we are thrilled that you're here welcome and thank you and we're
going to start off with our typical question what do you do in why
I
am I consider myself a reporter even though I've been a host of the show for the
last couple of years and I've almost always been in public radio and
I guess I do it because I love the sound of people's voices like.
For real even when I was a print reporter I would come back from
a story and think oh that person they just had a lovely accent or way of
speaking and I really wish I could hear it and I still
feel pretty
strongly about that I love that that was a great answer so speaking of
voices we asked Twitter if anybody had any questions for you. And I think one of the
first questions that
we got is how did you get such a great voice. Now
I do this and conscious thing where when I'm talking to somebody who speaks very like proper and
like and legibly I guess like I
can feel like try to like them the my own acts and in my chatter like put on my professional voice which I think
I'm doing now I'm trying not
to it's easier for me not to and I have liquor don't have like a
name but I mean I don't know how this works like other classes
that you take to get like the non regional diction thing than have you ever
had an ad that's a good question and people have been asking a lot.
I know you guys had Gene Demby on from N.P.R.'s Code Switch team to talk about
the hash type of radio voices and what people were saying
about kind of the you know unbearable whiteness of public radio which I you know I I
think I really understand where people are coming from with
that for me I will say that my family. They're
all
Jamaican but I grew up in Massachusetts and I just ended up with no
accent and that sucks right because for both of those
communities accents are a big deal. Jamaicans really love their accents as they should because they're
beautiful weather twice for the broadcasters I mean it's really
gorgeous Caribbean accents and in Massachusetts you know badge of honor.
You know like you know you look you.
It's like part of being you know from that place and
I didn't have it so it's very interesting to basically spend my
entire childhood as an out. Sider because of my
voice finally get this job where I'm like paid to have
this voice and that have all these people be like but it's not good enough.
Why do you want from me you know I don't know so that. I don't know if that
answers that question. There's no classes there's no nothing this is just my voice and
you know I'm I like
it
a way people feel about what it means to be black what it means
to be professional like all of these stereotypes. Like I feel bad
for people if they want to say you don't know but this is telling me more about you.
Yeah and it is about like your right to use about who I am and what I sound like and what
I should sound like I didn't mean to go off on a tear there but I have a little bit about
that publicly and I think that I've been meaning to say that
somewhere. Please go off on any tears
Yeah you know I'm going to follow you anyway so we
heard many tall tales about how people when they meet you they're always surprise that you're black
they expect you to be white.
Yes black and white people of all races all ages who seems the most surprised
everybody just Alys freaking out whenever you know first of all in public radio there's a certain amount
of disappointment you have to bear. Regardless when people
meet you you and you can just see the light dim in their
eyes and they're like You're not what I thought you were thinking like first
of all were you thinking like you knew that second of
all you know what exactly did you imagine So you're not what they imagined and so that's
OK I think black people are more like happy
to explain their surprise you know I think for white people there's like a certain amount
of like politeness about well I don't want to say what I
thought I'm like that's going to get awkward.
So that doesn't. Happen but yeah black people are definitely happy to be like what you know I
don't know the mind of
yesterday yet I like to listen
and I don't mind
that because again I think one of the things I loved about the rise of like the black
nerd which it's like it's our time there's not all that like we don't have to deal with all
this policing of blackness. You know it's like you can be
yourself and that's OK and I feel like
collectively we're not so fearful of who we
are wherever you are on the I don't know what this would be the
delusional spectrum of well I don't know how would you measure the phase.
So you done maybe a million interviews
approximating give or take.
I was listening to interview where you were saying like still every like ten
minutes before an interview you get nervous and ten minutes after you're
like I failed. Does that ever go away. You say
yes we say you know we have done things and you know you should
hope it
does the right because meeting people is scary you know that's why we get into an
elevator and we like move to
corners like we're naturally inclined to be like that today my for yeah I
agree the press door close. Like
I did. And naturally I
don't I'm nervous and I you know I was not popular in high school do you know
I mean I just was not a person who was naturally inclined to have conversation
with strangers it's being a reporter that's turned me into that and it does
feel sometimes like there's a Clark Kent effect where
I things I would not do in my regular
life. I will do because I am reporting and
interviewing
someone so it doesn't go away. I hope it doesn't go. Because the day that
I'm like bored an interested in not worried about talking to someone.
Well then I'm not curious anymore. And what's the point of that and I don't
know about you but part of this job is just figuring out
how to channel that energy. You know I think Bobby McFerrin
said something like Does it matter if you have butterflies if they're all going in the same direction.
Wow you're
also referred overtly on that. So you claim but I think you with yeah yeah
I really love I mean experience that out by the
milkman Yeah he's amazing. And he does the is an amazing teacher anyways.
So I have taken that to heart very much. I feel like
yes butterflies. Let's get it. Line.
I guess in a field
where there aren't that many people that look like you. Were you able
to find mentors.
Well first of all that is a good question that you should also ask like just about
any black
professional I think that is why reality where yeah I mean it is
it's the reality of being a person of color and kind of a bird
mobility and where we are as a community that there are lots of firsts right and
there's lots
of seconds and thirds and people who had to
create mentors maybe were it didn't seem like there naturally would be
I will say that I am very aggressive and believe very deeply in mentorship so when
I was an intern there were a couple of people that
I came to N.P.R. and went to their office and just you know was like knock knock knock.
Hi it's me. I want to learn what you do. Let's talk about that.
Like if you do that to five people one or two of them will help you either because they have
like Hugo's want to help you you know and I think that's
something that's really hard to to kind of make that conceptual leap.
If you are.
If you didn't grow up in that world which I did not. To be like
yeah someone should answer my questions yes. Somebody should help me because I am here. You
know that's something that like entitled young people take for granted hello you
know I
assume this is why I'm here so that people can help me get to the next level and I feel like when
you're working class kid you don't feel that way you're like I just don't want to mess up. I
definitely found people who mentored me and one thing about N.P.R. In particular there's so
many outstanding women here you know Michel Martin and Michele Norris
and you know Nina Totenberg like then is kick ass
like off air you know she's the kind of person who pulls you aside and says listen
you need to do this this and that like don't let them push you around I mean she's just
grade and Cokie Roberts and you know definitely men Steve Inskeep like there are
people who said who were happy to talk to me about
craft and I've always been really grateful. But I'm going to
take credit for myself
and yes I like that I wasn't afraid to do it.
Yeah and I think that something that like it's really hard to get
over. I just love hearing women do that that's made me so happy that I have a question
about the planning of your show and the people that you
tend to profile we notice that there was an interview that you did with
black artists like you know while
you're little by little
I mean. Well I think you
may Wiley So how involved are you with like the actual planning of your
show how many of the guests you entertain and interview
are people that you specifically wanted to talk to like I'm always interested see like how
things work.
Yeah yeah yeah I know I was reading about your your meeting and you guys talking about like how you put
it together and I felt the same way. You know for us we have the news right so
sometimes you just get there and you're like Iran deal discuss like let's try and.
Find five angles on this fifty people
haven't done already. I think some of the interviews you guys are pointing to particularly with
artists they are things that I chose myself. Maybe because I knew
about those people already. Maybe because I have read about them. Maybe
because they're just do in the case of say Kinney Wiley and Kara Walker. These
are two well known. Well regarded artists who are
like pretty close to retrospective mode
right there already at the point where people are like let's look back on the
Greatness like I said they hadn't been interviewed before by us. Yeah
was weird and an
oversight one fun thing about this job you asked me earlier of like kind of when I feel I came into my
own it was like making selections like that. Like my ability to get something like that to
air to get through the whole interview without
saying and African-American artists you know I mean like right to write interview with a black
person without saying they're black you know because does it matter. Like when
it matters we'll talk about it but when it doesn't matter why do you expect me to say
it in a way you kind of see your humanity right by saying like we're not other right.
We're here right. We're in the midst of this world like anyone else and we're going to be talked
about
like anyone else. Those interviews in particular that's kind of what's in my head when I'm doing
it I was going through some of your
tweets. And you were no I'm the worst.
I don't believe that my IS THE INTERVIEWER Yeah exactly what you were
talking a little bit about your frustration with hate mail from listeners. When you whenever you
have rapper R. and B. on your show.
That's an N.P.R. thing I mean I don't know if you heard recently people were getting all fired up that Kim
Carr
Dashiell she was on actually I'm
sorry Kim Cardassian was on WAIT WAIT DON'T TELL ME LIKE which is a very fun show. Yeah it's a fun
show with silly people right like in the listing of people can crash and not that
much of a stretch she's probably the
hottest. Well you know it's a great Barcelona.
But I think
that for a long time for the people who grew up with Public
Radio and by that I mean the people who we who traditionally when
people make jokes about public radio write the kind of delicious
dish joke driving speaking people
and flatters you know. I think there is a group of people who feel like hey
this thing is for us and we're here because we fled pop culture. We're here because
we're kind of overwhelmed and we want to break and I think in some ways that's fair you
know
like is there no place where we're not safe from a car dash in I mean if
we're being honest there is a limit to what you want to
write a journalistic
question should you flip out because they show up probably not you know
it's
just not that deep and I think this is the same group of people who struggle
with hip hop as an art form and I think again. This gets back to
my kind of greater
or sort of thesis about what I do which is that I'm not going to
pretend hip hop is an other music.
And that it is like Fringe or cutting edge like this means it's been
around for a long time we're getting pretty clear like mere oldies
right left right now right under a you know. Yeah I remember
once being at some kind of event where people were
like it's throwback to when the swelling just came
out and. Yeah I
was no feeling ready to be like adult
contemporary
music of my youth. So again like we bring those artists on and I
still do err on the side of trying
to bring in artists who have something to say or something interesting to say who tell
their story. Well you know that's a bias I have you know as much as
I might like a certain kind of hip hop song which is like the same couple of
words said thousand times.
That's not a good conversation. Like
so
Versace you know like I do you do after that if you have
an interview he goes yeah
yeah like people don't you know everyone's story but I'm looking
for people who have
as good an interesting story to tell often in five minutes or less. It's awful to say but it's
the
truth.
This is a thing and then I think interview we have at Thousand Questions that we didn't get to
but we do want to steer towards our son rapid fire question portion of the
show you know
the rapid fire I am Public Radio I don't really know I can handle it. We
say rapid fire but it's really just an excuse to get us to ask you your question the
OK they're not very fast at all
so people get very upset with that and we don't ask this of each and every one of our guests. So we're
going to ask you what are your thoughts on
the world.
Thoughts
in
general OK. My dad used to say like squirrel like is a weird way of pronouncing
it and now when I write more it was square
Well I don't know. I'm
not sure he just he did something with the You and I and now
whenever I see it it's like. It's like a script
traffic cone. You know like I see it on the paper in my mind I'm like squirrels
squirrels girls we're all so I'm glad it's not a word I have to
say very often until now apparently Me Why Do You Do You.
Trust you like Mitt Romney did you. Just like I do you feel you know
I'm a pearl I'm writing to ask you know about where the plane landed
a big play there has been in epidemic lately of drunk squirrels is like but you
know everything a place that's not a New York thing I feel like everything's a little bit Janki
there like even the squirrels with eagle you know a
bit much. I'm of the opinion
that squirrels are terrible wherever you are anyway where
it spit into my time of growth such thing as i'm absolutely.
I was I was reading through your tweets I saw a lot of Empire treats Yes.
So I have a
question do you actually like the music on Empire. How do you feel about the music.
I love it I think it's a kind of performance art and Timberland is actually my obsession
this is my next interview I really want to get if you're listening because I
have bear with me I know it's a lightning round but very quickly. I feel like. Empire in the
show Nashville are mirror images of each
other and the music of Nashville. They like went
to writers and tried to make it very authentic blah blah
blah and empire does the same thing you know music that is sort of
bad is authentically bad music that it's supposed to like harken to a certain era.
Does that and yell admit the first time I heard drip
drop like a real down for real. You know like I wanted to turn off my
dignity back away from it such a bad and what ended up in your head I think I can't get it out of
my
head to make
that
change and he just
I find myself being like you know you know like drip drop my web site explain it to my
husband and he's like. Let's never speak of this again and then when I. Here
is still you know conqueror which is a
real song you know and like done well I think it's great you
know so I think
that I don't ironically love the music on Empire I legitimately
love it whether it's good or not that's
a great beautiful thesis.
I thought of love empire and scandal together kind of sort
of yes operatic their operas. Yes Yes Not soap operas
proper operas and.
You still watch the show correct. I'm a die hard scandal but I mean no matter how bad it
gets that it gets bad oh my God I don't know if you can hear me I love
you I will still watch the hell out of
that but you are the perfect person to ask a question to what would have to happen on scandal
for you to stop watching
it both me until you stop watching Lee I didn't listen even when I don't know if
I can do this anymore you know I had my last use on that I totally get it I totally think I have
a deep commitment to Shonda Rhimes is I know about. You know it's not a two way faith.
Thank you because a very. I have
been tested with the exit of Jake. Euler I don't know if
he's really accident or not I'm a huge fan of Scott Foley
and I thought he had brought some good heat in the decision to the show.
Yeah
yeah. So I don't know maybe we're there yet but to
me as long
as you know Kerry Washington is delivering those Sean the
speeches like you know I'll go with the I mean I came back around to Grey's Anatomy.
Oh yeah. I'm still watching great then that's when I gave up on organized but it has
its moments a great deal if you will sort. E-R.
was bad for a while and then came back around and everyone's like oh yeah you
are great. No no no I had some rough times and I feel like you know shadow
shows sometimes like she has to launch other things and sometimes in her absence. You
know some There can be some dark moments. So what
if in the next episode of Scandal right. Livia gets kidnapped
by some
radioactive girls or squirrel with
like lasers had to like they head in there like now we're going
to sell you to the Russians and the Russians are like OK yeah I'm going to be like I mean
so when once the radio I mean that I tried to get away the last season.
I thought it all had there been
Dolphins' like episodes two or three maybe they're right.
Yeah I'm in the squad. I watch private practice and I had all my good
the
very very I got to the only person I can say that was.
Because for me there's so much great amazing television but
I like seeing myself reflected in the stories sometimes it's not a
requirement for me to enjoy
T.V. but it's kind of nice you know what it looks like when you have
to power through a meeting. Yeah and tell people what's up and.
And you're not a bitch you know I mean you're not like an angry Negro woman. You
were just another amazing character in the Tablo of amazing characters
and she's going to give me that and so I'm always going to reward her with my little Nielsen
rating if I can raise you to fall.
Well in
my questions with you so Gene Demby tells us that you are a very
stylish style
icon very for radiographs or whatever anyone tells you just but for radio what it's
like on
radio why why do you still get so why. Believe absolutely is
exact his exact phrasing during a D.J. conversation.
Is why the fuck you get so flat a go on the radio on the radio
in caps all caps emphasis and we've
seen pictures and you are I love have press today. I have to say I always liked A Well
I did go for wings liner for you
to see it but I can feel it
yeah it's
a lovely dark lip and I you know I want to get there I haven't
graduated to
that another
round make of it I'm with
it I do it because
I am nervous and I feel like your costume
is is your armor and you know I know that there are some women
who they're not big on makeup or wearing heels or things like that they have very good
and amazing and many times feminist rooted reasons for believing
that for me I take all that stuff and I are myself with
it you know it might as well be a shield and there are some days where I I want people to
be intimidated so I'm like yes this is red lipstick.
It is aligned. It is pristine Oh yeah well Taylor I did it so you know you're never
going to do that ignited
there and same thing with dressing there's times when I like I meet a band you know I don't want to be
dressed like I'm going to meet a
congressman and when I go out in the field for especially disaster reporting and reporting
like I went to Charleston after the shooting. I dress very
very plainly you know I don't even wear my eyeglasses which had like ten pairs
because I don't
want to be judged in that moment. And when you meet people and talk
to people they judge you they can't help but they look at you take you in and go oh you're this
person and so then I wear a kind of plain costume so that I can deflect
some of that so. For the radio it just makes me feel good and it gets me in
a in a place you know where I can do the performance part of
it and in real life it's about meeting people where they are
who
are beautiful of the work of art hell's wrong with
that I have not
random Last question What is the wildest workplace Mike regressions
experience in your mind to hire
correctly in my entire career in
any job. But I know but microaggression it's a very millennial thing like I
feel like this was just called life
before you really like got
like identified it you named it in shame did it and that's only helping
you and say what I am did until I got a brother out now where was
that a micro-grid or was that Tuesday.
I mean it's a microgram to do this.
I'm going to be of noxious and say I can't remember that but I think that's allowed a
that I would not have gotten to this point in my career.
If I took those on board and held on to them it's
just impossible. I ran a
gauntlet of people who underestimated me write every story subject is like you're using
in turn every lawmaker is like I don't understand who you
are you know people don't see me and so when they finally meet me they're not sure what to
think there's been lots of stuff like that and I think the only way you can get through this
job or any other job or people will underestimate you on a rival is to
just not onboard it. If that makes sense right like I can't collect
it and so maybe it means I've been successful because I can't
remember
any OH MY GOD THAT. When I walk around
the collection plate. I don't
like having was silently waving your hand in the
air but keep doing it millennial keep tumbler ing it every
day for my age group you know
I'd be in that like Polly So I want to one class like telling some other student like this happening that
happen you don't see it in ages
because I don't see reason
like we had to just keep that to ourselves and go right back to the
life we grow dorm. And like you guys get to be
like well that's stupid and you know. I don't like to have these conversations
out and people write think pieces and everyone please come toss me you know like
saying you have a saying and I admire the discussion that can happen.
Yet even you don't know how good
you have it. It's like a bat signal. What about their words
that I love that I love that thank you
guys gracing us with your presence yes to please you well there's so
much fun you're doing. Oh well you're doing so well and I just want to
say to all the people listening who are like into podcasting that I'm
glad all of your challenging questions all of your why is that this way why is it that
way
like Bring it on we want more and more people listening and it's just been
a pleasure hearing folks like yourself like you people
like you especially you trace because I know you were like I don't know about
this world. You were very dubious.
So here you have to praise it like it's been fantastic
so thank you for having I will cry Oh I was
already have one last request yet. Yeah.
Can you say this is another round and I'm Audie Cornish in your
radio and your
radio is my review and your
voice here and go. For another round.
I'm Audie Cornish.
Thank you
so
much.
And now for some inspirational wears on us.
This
is what we do to hold people back. This is what we do and we get to something that's
also been working for a long time when you don't have to be races anymore. It's called self
hate it works on a selfish like real estate of
racism where just like that when someone comes up and says something like I'm a guy.
Everybody says Who does he think he
is I just told you who I thought I
was. I just told you that's who I think I am I
would have been better if I had a song to say I am a nigger. I'm a gangster.
I'm a
pimp all those colors I'm putting this bit
better on a person like me right. But to say you
are God. Especially when you get shipped over to the country that you're in and your last
name is a slave owners.
How could you say that. How could you have that
mentality and was that always feel like
I could do
anything. That's the main thing people are controlled
by their perception of
themselves their slow down by their perception of themselves. If you talk
you can do anything you won't do anything. I was taught to do everything
since age thirty six. So just watch
the next ten
years when my stamina and French and friends.
And then with that line around what is it. I want to buy a round
for disposable cameras. So I was
moving and I found three old disposable cameras and I was like
oh my god what is on here and I remembered like three summers ago I was living with my best
friend and we gave each other cameras and we just like. We had
phones but it is like let's just play with this you know and I was like oh
my God what if it's from that summer I was so hype and then I was like OK let me try to find
a C.V.S. that does this. And it was
a journey it was
a journey and they had to like they don't even do it in the store anymore they like export it
out so she's like you want to
develop photos like yes ma'am.
And then I developed them and they were so good oh well. Oh good
is it was from that summer it was just like a bunch of like Silly very un posed
for like snapshots of what we did that summer and I know
it's dumb because it's like I mean I could develop the photos on like my camera roll like they had this thing in
the C.V.S. where you could like connect your phone and just print some photos I'm like OK I'll try to keep up you know.
But there's just something so nice about that like not knowing what the picture looks like
right that produces like like a really intimate photo
and one of the photos in there
was a summer fling I had but I forgot a
little and we were at a party and I met this
random person we were talking for a while. And this I was just like you know I'm
feeling fine let me
think you know that you were
you and it was just so because I
like I kind of forgot what he looked like and then I found this does.
As well Kim and I had like two pictures of him now whereas I would never have had those
pictures like this it wasn't for
this because he like he was visiting from the U.K. and he was like in
New York for like three days. It's like this very like rom com serendipitous thing.
The reason he came was because his grandma died and she gave him a bunch of money and was like go
visit this one place in little in Little Italy and we had a little
fling who took some pictures and. He was
like do you want to come with me to the place my grandma wants me to go I was
like No absolutely not but it's just so nice to have like
a memorialization of that one you know it's good
that was that was that's like that's like a private don't know if
you want me just
met. Anyways pictures of your summer plans that this will
get him Who are you buying around for the future you see
I am buying a very nice alcoholic around for somebody who is not yet old enough to drink.
Mrs Mandel a standby or clue us flexing on everybody
via Twitter Who Is She Really what if people don't know who she is well a
man listin Barak is an American actress known for her role as a rule in The Hunger Games.
Yes and she is like what sixteen seventeen. Yeah like literally just
what the problem with Jaden Smith Oh my God Those pictures were those are people I may think.
But she's very vocal and outspoken and just like so woke for a celebrity one of her life that made
her age for tooth was right made a video talking about in the explaining in a
very patient in a form and. In a manner that like. Only like the You'd have
the energy
to do
you can't fathom the cultural
appropriation and how it's really fucked up that like when
like white girls discover cornrows for example right and my thing you know
but like black women who wear cornrows often vilified. You know there was a video that she's just been very
vocal and
outspoken. A while ago there was this whole quote unquote feud thing
between her and Kylie Jenner. Because Kylie tweeted a
few
to well nobody could see my quote right there were air quotes not an
actual feud. Kylie
Jenner poem but you know
the. More One way was
right. Kylie Jenner posted a picture
of herself on Instagram with cornrows right in a manly just like very calmly
rolled through she just like you know it's cultural appropriation that it would be really cool if you know you gave
back to the community taken
from blighted by black everybody on the Internet was like the black woman on the Internet
and like the while white folks.
Yes So it's good it's so
refreshing to see somebody so young and brown and female not only
like use her voice the way that she does but to use it for like some actual like good
shit right now it's amazing what you don't call me like an angry black
woman I'm reading my opinion like this like I'm not going to do you think I'm not angry.
Yes And I also really love the way that black women on the Internet rallied around
her when freakin Andy Cohen from Bravo. Oh God
this fucker. He thought it would be the carjack call because
of the comments that he made completely not acknowledging that the comments that he made were pretty
freakin valid culture a jackhole a jackal
So he has that is listen he has his I can regularly segment of this.
Yeah yeah there's like a particle of it there. You should let
it actually touching the human origin but right home and out of everybody in front of camera has no clue
if you know this is not a professional.
So yes he wanted her for which he didn't like the Internet really rallied around her that
hashtag there was a boycott Bravo whatever and first it was like I wasn't calling her a jackhole
I did the light online few quite awhile and then later he definitely did apologize
that
clapped out our game plan that a man listed
by its head. This baby. So I mean it's
hard for her not to like be woken from the very beginning when she stepped
on the stage. People were upset because she was like a brown character right there like we didn't
know room was brown right. I never imagined her to
be Brown this punk and the reason my mom is not hers but she's very clear
this right is brown in The Hunger Games. So you made the conscious choice to just like
eggs any and I'll brown people from this don't let your shoes brown them but you see you described is like
having like so you're upset someone casting something
properly. Have any danger this is how I'm stuck in my
imagination or
to literally she did so that's who my round is for a man love.
We have a seat for you in the studio like always it is a do we will just give
you all three of these microphones for as long as you need to so hopefully you
will you come in and see us and say hey and in the meantime enjoy this shot
of kool aid because I'm
sixteen a real side enjoyed mango juice for me go to
use. Yeah.
Granted that this brings us to the end of our
show we are grateful for the Corniche to bless us. I can
believe with her words and wisdom. I was so good like literally everything she said
was like Right yeah like this yeah you gotta treat us.
Thank you so
much for or just say that I live as usual we want to give a shout out to
the pawed
school
this is why I don't miss the sound as
much as a little I'm like
a turtle was dying nice red meat with shouts
to our fearless in a florist's producer's
generalize Berman Illinois Kagan in. Giulia Farland thank you for making the show that it is we
are nothing without you. Thank you to our amazing
musicians who created custom music for the
show that is Jean Grey who Adi said earlier I don't think we got it on
tape but he loves Jean Grey. Oh yeah they do a thing with the
a thank you to Jean Grey you know follow her at being greedy
on Twitter also thank you
to Don will of the Almighty Tanya Morgan you can follow him at D.L. in W
L L fantastic musical place. Thank you to Pomeroy who is
back and
he's glad my good chick is. All right. I don't know what as ave
been doing the thank you to the Tracy. I love
how every interviewer like me can't do it I thought we had a military leader
that average like it's gotta be a
big get out there and of A and every time was an issue like oh that
wasn't so
we did it we kicked out that. Oh shucks I was for
or being
greedy yet. Speaking of the all faiths free and Audie Cornish thing
that was like
really championing your achievement we can do that a lot more Everybody listen
every woman listening to do it more we should do a thing together right now every woman who is listening and
they can a theory like just throw your head back in shape out something amazing about yourself I'm going to do it
to you to do it as well haven't you
know I'm going to already. Oh
no elder you do Paul. You don't live you would do that it's not me you but you can
play all right. Why do they I
look really
great the dog I didn't realize you were actually yelling you
know I look great.
That would be
beautiful but I know even better. I'm sure you're
very proud of us both but we're not the most amazing interviewers by writing
like almost there.
As for growing public
water.
Perhaps I don't
know.